Chapter 1 Universal Gourd

Starfall Sea, Wind Lightning Island.

Yellow Flower Island, the fish market at the pier.

The carriages were like water, the horses were like dragons, and the voices of the people were loud.

In the bustling mortal market, Jiang Yu, who was in disguise, walked and stopped, constantly circling among the various fishmongers.

Suddenly, his eyes lit up. He quickly walked to a young man with a skinny body and pointed at the yellow croaker the size of a cow's leg in front of him.

"How much for your fish?" Jiang Yu went straight to the point without beating around the bush.

The young fish seller saw the customer in front of him with sword-like eyebrows and starry eyes. He was handsome, well-dressed, and elegant. He could tell at a glance that he was a young master of a wealthy family. His thoughts changed. He thought that this person should be generous. He answered fluently,

" Whoa, you have good eyesight. It's not easy for a yellow croaker to grow to such a size. I've been in this fish market for more than ten years, but I've never seen such a huge thing. I'm afraid that if it grows any longer, this yellow croaker will become a spirit. I've just fished it out not long ago. This fish is five…oh no, ten taels of silver for you!" The young man rolled his eyes and suddenly changed his words.

He had been selling the fish for a day, and many people had asked about it. When they heard the price, most of them just smiled and left.

Yellow Flower Island was famous for its yellow croaker, which was the only specialty in the surrounding sea area. Yellow croaker was the most tender and tender when pan-fried. The larger the body, the more succulent the meat.

The native Shou Hou naturally knew that the yellow croaker in his hand, which was the size of a cow's leg, was probably as old as dry wood. Even if it was stewed for four hours, it would most likely taste like chewing wax.

As for the words of becoming a spirit, it was all just for show. Could a mortal like him catch a monster that had become a spirit?

"Alright, there's no need to scrape the scales and intestines. I'll go back and do it myself."

Jiang Yu raised his eyebrows and pressed his hand on the fish's belly. When he realized that he couldn't keep it in his storage bag, he was very happy. He threw out ten taels of silver and easily lifted the fifty to sixty jin giant.

Just by getting started, he knew that he had most likely bought the right goods.

"By the way, what's your name?" Before he left, Jiang Yu turned around and asked the skinny young man.

"Take care, my surname is Fang. The people around me call me Skinny Monkey." The young man held the silver taels tightly with both hands and smiled foolishly.

Skinny Monkey? Jiang Yu looked at the young man's eyebrows thoughtfully. He could vaguely see some shadows of the people who were at the center of the whirlpool of the cultivation world in the future.

It was a pity that this greatest opportunity belonged to him from now on. He did not know if Perfected Fang's name would still spread in the Spirit Imperial World in the future.

……

On the other hand, after Jiang Yu bought the fish, he walked left and right, smoke rising from his feet. In a few breaths, he slipped into an empty alley. After trying again and confirming that he could not put the yellow croaker into his storage bag, the smile on his face finally overflowed.

Although it was a little ostentatious to carry a "giant", it was still considered normal in the Falling Star Sea. After all, immortals and mortals were one here. It was not surprising to see immortals flying in the sky, let alone a fish that weighed fifty to sixty pounds.

Of course, the fact that yellow croaker could grow to such a size was indeed a little miraculous, but it was not considered exaggerated in the Starfall Sea. After all, it was normal for house-sized fish to be caught, let alone small fish like this.

After returning to his cave abode, Jiang Yu released a cleaning spell to remove the makeup on his face. Only then did he heave a sigh of relief.

He activated the small defensive array that enveloped the cave abode.

He nimbly took out a kitchen knife and stabbed it into the yellow croaker's stomach. Then, he reached his hand in and fumbled around. Immediately, he found an object smaller than his palm from the fish's stomach.

Jiang Yu chanted an incantation and summoned a ball of clear water out of thin air to cleanse it. A small stone gray gourd appeared in his palm.

The small gourd seemed to be naturally formed. The mouth of the gourd was inseparable from the surroundings and integrated into one. However, the whole body was a little rough and not very round, as if it was casually carved by a craftsman.

Jiang Yu immediately took out the only spirit stones he had from his storage bag and approached the gourd.

Soon, the small stone gourd emitted a faint light. The spirit stone in his hand gradually lost its luster, and the gourd gradually gained a green jade color. Some strange patterns appeared on the surface.

A small crack finally appeared on the gourd's mouth, and an inexplicable light spot between heaven and earth gathered toward the gourd.

Seeing this, Jiang Yu immediately put away the spirit stone. The many phenomena immediately disappeared, and the opened gourd mouth closed again. However, there were some tiny bright runes on the surface of the small gourd. If one did not look carefully, one would not be able to distinguish them.

Hey! It was this thing.

Jiang Yu opened the corners of his mouth silently and finally could not help but laugh out loud.

He had been reborn for five years, searched around for a few years, and stayed on Yellow Flower Island for a few months. Finally, he found this heaven-defying treasure that was famous in all worlds!

The gourd was named Universal Light, and it was the fuse that would cause the chaos in the cultivation world five hundred years later.

In that battle, the rarely seen Golden Cores and the members of the Purple Mansion who guarded the foundation of a large sect all ran out like crazy and set off a chaotic battle that swept through the cultivation world.

Even the Nascent Divinities and devas who were usually elusive and could roam the various worlds had crossed worlds just to fight for this treasure.

The effect of this treasure was simply too heaven-defying. If the original owner of the gourd had not accidentally exposed this item, perhaps within 10,000 years, a True Immortal would have ascended to the Spirit Imperial World.

The birth of the first True Immortal since the chaotic war between the worlds in recent times!

Now that this thing was in his hands, his hard work in searching for it over the years of his rebirth was not in vain!

According to the information he had heard before his rebirth, the Cosmic Gourd could condense a special spiritual water after absorbing the spiritual energy in the spirit stones. It could be used to nurture spirit herbs and increase the age of the spirit herbs without any side effects.

With this treasure, it meant that the "wealth" of the four essentials of immortal cultivation was no longer a problem.

It was this treasure that could reverse time that triggered a new round of war in the cultivation world.

Now, he only used ten taels of silver to buy this peerless treasure.

Previously, Jiang Yu's attempt to put the yellow croaker into the storage bag in the fish market was a test. This was because treasures of this level would automatically resist entering low-level spatial treasures.

It was also a way to prove that he had not bought a fake. Of course, if he kept it in his bag of holding, he would not panic. The entire Falling Star Sea was a place where immortals and mortals were one. There were often immortals descending to the earth, so he was not too afraid of being exposed.

After all, he had his own cultivation!

That's right, Jiang Yu was also an immortal cultivator, but his cultivation was not too high. Currently, he was only a low-level immortal cultivator at the third qi layer.

The reason why he was able to know about the future was because he was not from this world. In other words, he had been reborn!

That's right, he was reborn from 500 years later!

Jiang Yu had cultivated bitterly for more than two hundred years in his previous life. He had some opportunities and was lucky enough to become an ordinary Daoist Master of Jindan Stage before he died of Foundation Establishment. Before his rebirth, he had only achieved the Third Revolution of his Dan and was not very outstanding in the sea. He could barely be considered to have made some achievements and gained longevity.

Unfortunately, he did not have enough luck. The Spirit Imperial World and even the chaotic battle of the various worlds that followed were also involved in the sect he was in. He himself was also sucked into the void crack formed by the battle of the people in the Purple Mansion. Without any strength to resist, he was directly turned into ashes.

Fortunately, he did not die and instead, he was reborn into this youth.

How sad. A lifetime of cultivation was nothing more than a speck of dust in the era, silently annihilated.

In that turbulent era, all kinds of news were flying all over the sky. Various forces were passing off fish eyes as pearls, disrupting the battle situation. After asking around, he gradually understood the cause of this war that swept through the cultivation world.

A mortal who was born in the Thunderstorm Island caught a huge yellow croaker. He didn't sell it for three days, so he had to cook it and eat it. He got a small gourd from the fish's belly, and his luck changed. Within a hundred years, he formed a top-grade Golden Core. Before he was reborn, he had already formed the Nine Revolution Golden Core. Unfortunately, his treasure was exposed, and it attracted the help of the old monsters at the Purple Mansion and even the Nascent Divinity. He hid everywhere and started a chaotic war in the Immortal Cultivation World. In the end, the whereabouts of the Cosmic Gourd were widely discussed. As for the main character of the story, he had long since turned into ashes in the chaos of war.

Because of this, he was not willing to die like an ant in his previous life. His primary goal was to plan for this unique treasure that could seize the fortune of heaven and earth.