Chapter 2 Universal Gourd

Dew of Time

He had calculated the time. The time when that person obtained the treasure in his previous life should not be much different from the time he stepped into the immortal path.

That was why he had the idea of crafting this treasure.

Of course, to be more precise, it was not the first time Jiang Yu was reborn. In his previous life, he was already a transmigrator and was deeply influenced by the spirit of " Gou Dao." Unfortunately, his talent was not bad, but his luck was not good enough. He lacked the spirit of struggle and missed many opportunities. Before his rebirth, he was only in the realm of the third transformation of the middle-grade Golden Core.

Compared to the superior-grade Golden Core formed by Shou Hou and the Nine Revolution Golden Core, the gap between them was like a chasm.

It should be known that the "Perfected Fang" who stirred up the storm in the future, who was also a skinny monkey, only had a true spirit root in terms of talent. However, his talent was even better, and he had a genuine earth spirit root.

Of course, Jiang Yu admired Immortal Fang for being able to achieve a superior-grade Jindan. After all, it was not something that could be achieved with just a hand. Although he was only one step away from it, it was a pity that he had been too steady and lacked the courage to advance. In the process of cultivation, he had left himself with many regrets. After a sixty-year cycle, he chose to achieve a medium-grade Jindan.

The difference in strength was mostly due to the Cosmic Gourd in his hand.

This was the most heaven-defying treasure in the cultivation world!

Jiang Yu naturally had to be cautious when he obtained this treasure. After all, with his knowledge and collection of Golden Cores in his previous life, he was naturally not only at the third qi layer after being reborn for more than five years.

It was all because he had spent more than a year searching for information about Yellow Flower Island. Furthermore, Starfall Sea was so vast that it would take Golden Cores more than a month to fly at full speed from the Thunderstorm Isles alone.

Although they were both in the Thunderstorm Isles, it took him three to four years to reach Yellow Flower Island by boat. This was after he had cultivated and spent some spirit stones to get on the flying boat. Otherwise, he wouldn't have gotten the Cosmic Gourd before 'Perfected Fang'.

Although he had earned some cultivation resources with the insight of a Golden Core in his previous life, for safety reasons, he did not have more than 300 spirit stones on him.

However, he could be considered a wealthy man among those in the early stage of the Aura Refining realm, comparable to the wealth of some late-stage Aura Refining cultivators.

It was well known that if one wanted to cultivate, there were four things that were indispensable-wealth, partners, law, and land.

Now that he had the Cosmic Gourd, the problem of money was naturally solved.

" Companion " was a Dao Companion, referring to teachers, friends, disciples, etc. who pursued the Great Dao. It was not purely a relationship between a man and a woman, and he did not have one for the time being.

" Law " referred to the cultivation techniques, magical powers, and secret arts required for immortal cultivation. There was a reason for this. In his previous life, he had majored in the " True Art of Sharp Metal Attack ". He had wanted to use the courage and progress of the metal element to balance his natural caution. Unfortunately, he did not have enough luck. After wasting five hundred years, he fell on the way to immortality.

The Sharp Metal True Technique was a technique that could be cultivated to the ninth transformation of the Golden Core, so it was naturally expensive.

Not to mention, he also had a collection of divine abilities and secret techniques. Any one of them was worth tens of thousands of spirit stones.

" Earth " referred to the blessed land of the Taoist temple, which was usually a place where spiritual veins flowed and spiritual energy gathered. The Yellow Flower Island where his cave abode was currently located was not considered a blessed land, but he had a way. Unfortunately, his current cultivation was low. Even if he could find a blessed land, he did not have the cultivation to protect it. Therefore, he still needed to develop steadily.

Yellow Flower Island was only a mortal island. Because there was no long-term stable production of spiritual items, there were very few cultivators here.

After all, the entire island was not big. It was only about 30 kilometers long and eight to nine kilometers wide. From the sky, it looked like a long and narrow leaf. It was distributed in the north and south. The bottom of the leaf in the south was a natural harbor, which was the most prosperous dock on the island. The location of his cave abode was near the tip of the leaf in the north. The wind and waves were strong, and the reefs were dense. It was relatively barren. Usually, no one came here.

He was just occupying the mountain as king. Fortunately, there was nothing special about this island, so he was free.

Falling Star Sea was filled with water and wood spiritual energy. Any random place was enough for cultivators who cultivated water and wood techniques to reach foundation establishment.

The cave abode that he chose to open was on a cliff near the sea. He had also set up a small fog array around it. Mortals would lose their way when they entered it and circle in circles.

In the first half of the month after he arrived on the island, there were still mortals who came to search for him out of curiosity due to the sudden appearance of the fog. After experiencing his severe punishments and warnings, the mortals on the island respected the existence of this immortal cultivator. As word of mouth spread, the mortals who came here became increasingly rare.

The range of the Little Mist Formation was not considered large, enveloping a radius of half a mile. The cave abode that Jiang Yu opened up was even on a cliff at a corner near the sea, and it was difficult for mortals to climb up.

Jiang Yu pondered over the Cosmic Gourd on the stone table in front of him and felt that it was still not safe enough. He turned around and took out the array flags he had prepared from his storage bag and set them up around the cave abode.

This formation was called Spirit Stabilizing. It could maintain the fluctuation of spiritual energy within a certain range and could be considered one of the auxiliary formations for cultivation.

After confirming that there was no mistake, Jiang Yu took out another miscellaneous spirit stone from his storage bag and approached the mouth of the gourd.

Immediately, an inexplicable suction force appeared. The light spots in the world gathered towards the gourd, gradually forming a small vortex. It was like an inverted galaxy in the night sky, very spectacular.

Jiang Yu immediately flashed to the outside of the Spirit Stabilizing Array and scanned the area with his divine sense. After confirming that the outside world could not discover any abnormalities under the cover of the Mist Array and Spirit Stabilizing Array, he returned to his cave abode with satisfaction.

This gourd was also very mysterious. Other than seeing it with their own eyes and touching it with their own hands, the divine sense that cultivators were so proud of couldn't tell what it was.

Jiang Yu waited patiently. After two hours, the strange phenomenon in the cave abode disappeared. The fingernail-sized miscellaneous spirit stone had already turned into powder, leaving only a small stone gourd sitting quietly on the table.

However, at this moment, the calabash's gray stone and jade color were mixed together, making it look very ugly.

Jiang Yu reached out to pick up the gourd and found that there was already a crack at the mouth of the gourd. He used a little force and removed the seal. With a slight shake, a drop of emerald green liquid slowly floated out of the gourd and floated in the air under the support of his divine sense.

Jiang Yu's expression was excited. He came to the medicinal garden of the cave abode and found a Nine Leaf Flowering Apple that had just sprouted. He dripped the liquid from the Cosmic Gourd onto the spirit herb.

Emerald green liquid dripped down from the tip of the bud to the roots, sinking into the soil. In a few breaths, the growth of the nine-leaf begonia seemed to have pressed the fast-forward button. The only tender leaf quickly stretched out. A moment later, a palm-sized green tender leaf swayed gently in the wind, and a small bud tip emerged from the top.

The Nine Leaf Begonia would grow one leaf every ten years. The old leaves would mature and the new buds would sprout. It was one of the main ingredients of the Qi Condensation Pill, the Spirit Gathering Pill.

After a hundred years, the Nine-leaf Begonia could bloom, and it could be used as one of the main ingredients of the Foundation Establishment pill, the Spirit Essence Pill. Of course, the window for this bloom was extremely short, only a few hours. As a result, the main ingredient of the Spirit Essence Pill had been modified and changed, and its medicinal effect was ten percent worse than the original.

The characteristic of one leaf every ten years was precisely the reason why Jiang Yu chose it. The Universal Gourd could absorb the spirit liquid dew condensed from an impure spirit stone and could actually rapidly increase the age of the medicine by ten years.

As expected, this gourd was undoubtedly the number one treasure in the cultivation world!

Jiang Yu's breathing quickened when he got the results of the experiment.

Jiang Yu carefully observed the Nine Leaf Flowering Apple with his divine sense for the time it took to brew a cup of tea. After confirming that the Nine Leaf Flowering Apple did not show any signs of wilting, decay, or even decay, Jiang Yu heaved a sigh of relief.

He was afraid that he would spoil the seedlings by pulling them up, or that they would rapidly decay after they grew.

Now, it seemed that the years of running around after his rebirth were all worth it!

Jiang Yu called the liquid that was condensed from the spirit stones absorbed by the gourd the Dew of Time.

This gourd could absorb one miscellaneous spirit stone in two hours to condense a drop of Dew of Time. In total, 24 hours a day could accelerate the growth of a spiritual medicine to 120 years old.

One had to know that the difference in value between a ten-year-old spirit herb and a hundred-year-old spirit herb was more than ten times greater.

For example, the Nine-leaf Begonia in front of him was considered mature with one leaf and could be used as medicine. Under the cultivation of a large sect, the value of the resources consumed was not even five miscellaneous spirit stones.

However, if it could be refined into a medicinal pill, the value of the one-leaf begonia could be increased to more than ten spirit stones, more than double the original value.

If it was just a nine-leaf plant, it would be worth nearly a hundred spirit stones.

If it could be sold while it was blooming, its value would increase even more. After all, it could be used as the main ingredient for Foundation Establishment pills.

Of course, there was a price but no market. Occasionally, there would be news in this area, but no one would sell it with great fanfare.

Even large sects with a long history would not spend a lot of time and energy to cultivate a blooming Nine-leaf begonia. They would only use one-leaf quality.