Chapter 3 Universal Gourd

Pill Refinement

The longer the spirit herbs grew, the harsher the conditions required. For example, a low-grade spirit field could only support the growth of spirit herbs for tens to hundreds of years. A middle-grade spirit field could only support the growth of spirit herbs for less than 500 years. A high-grade spirit field could support the growth of Little Herb King for more than 500 years.

This was already the limit of large-scale cultivation of spiritual plants. The higher level of herb kings and ancestral roots required not only abundant spiritual energy but also a unique environment to grow. They could only be found in remote places or in secret realms that had been sealed for a long time.

Next, Jiang Yu's first plan was to rely on the Cosmic Gourd to farm in peace, refine medicinal pills, and increase his cultivation.

In the five hundred years of his previous life, he had studied a few of the hundred arts of cultivation.

He had done some research on formations and had enough resources and time to set up a Jindan level formation.

He had dabbled in talismans, but he could only draw some Mortal-grade talismans at the moment.

The effect of a Mortal-ranked talisman was roughly equivalent to the power of a spell that could be released by a Refinement Stage cultivator.

As the fire element of his Five Elements Spirit Roots was not prominent, he had barely dabbled in alchemy and weapon refinement. However, as a Daoist Master of Jindan Stage, he had read many secret manuals and could only be said to be a theorist.

It was not necessary to have a fire spirit root to refine pills and weapons. After entering the foundation establishment stage, one would ignite the fire of life and could also use it to refine pills and weapons. Of course, the control of the fire was definitely not as good as that of cultivators with fire spirit roots.

Other than that, he was considered proficient in the path of ling plants. In his previous life, other than his main cultivation of the Sharp Metal True Technique, he also cultivated the ling plant technique, Ten Thousand Trees Evergreen Technique, which could speed up the cultivation of ling plants.

However, now that he had the Cosmic Gourd, his previous life's experience could only be considered as a reference.

As long as he could ensure that the spirit herbs were still alive, he would be able to continuously cultivate high-aged spirit herbs and embark on the path of taking pills and cultivating immortality.

After consuming countless medicinal pills, even a pig could become an immortal, let alone a cultivator with earth spirit root aptitude like him!

He calculated his net worth. Other than the cultivation techniques and secret arts in his mind, he only had 235 miscellaneous spirit stones for cultivation.

In the cultivation world, spirit stones were divided into three types: miscellaneous spirit stones, pure spirit stones, and top-grade spirit stones.

Mixed Spirit Stones were mixed with Spiritual Qi of various attributes and turbid Qi of heaven and earth, so they were of the lowest quality. Absorbing such spirit stones would not only cause the aura of magic power to become impure, but it would also pollute the body and soul. After rashly absorbing it, it would take a lot of time to recuperate.

Other than low-level cultivators, most of them were used to cultivate spirit plants or demon beasts. Although miscellaneous spirit stones had many shortcomings, they were extremely abundant and were the basic equivalent of the cultivation world. Their status in the cultivation world was equivalent to money in the mortal world, or even more.

Pure spirit stones contained rich spiritual energy of a single attribute and were excellent cultivation materials. Just like the heavenly spirit root among cultivators, pure and rich spiritual energy of a single attribute only needed to be refined and transformed into cultivation. However, most of these materials were only qualified to be enjoyed by Perfected Cultivators above the Golden Elixir realm.

As for the Supreme Spiritual Stones, they could only be produced in the center of the mine. A small mine could only produce about a hundred Supreme Spiritual Stones, which contained a balanced and pure Five Elements Yuan Qi. The five elements circulated endlessly. It was said that as long as the Spiritual Qi was not completely absorbed in one go, the Supreme Spiritual Stones could absorb the Spiritual Qi of the world and slowly recover.

Even with Jiang Yu's Golden Core cultivation in his previous life, he had never seen what a supreme-grade spirit stone looked like.

" Hmm, two hundred and thirty-five spirit stones, that's two thousand three hundred and fifty years of medicinal age. A one-leaf begonia will be enough to refine the Spirit Gathering Pill. Including the age required for the supplementary medicine, the total age of a furnace of medicinal pills is about thirty years. That's three spirit stones. Including the spirit stones needed to grow the spirit wood, I estimate that it can be refined fifty to sixty times."

"Although I am only at the third level of the Aura Refining realm, because of my transmigration and rebirth, my divine soul is strong. My divine sense has already been born in advance, and I am not much weaker than a cultivator at the seventh level of the later stage of the Aura Refining realm."

" Even if there's no earth fire in the cave, I know of a secret technique that can be replaced by the fire of spirit wood. If I can control it, I can also refine pills."

Jiang Yu thought calmly. Although he had a plan before this, the matter in front of him was related to his future cultivation, so he could not be careless.

Now, he was somewhat regretful. If he had known the specific effects of the Cosmic Gourd earlier, he would have prepared more spirit stones. That way, he would have been able to live for eight to ten years. It wouldn't have been too late to go out and buy supplies after he reached the Foundation Establishment realm.

After all his calculations, cultivation techniques, spiritual medicine seeds, pill recipes, pill furnaces…He had almost bought all of them. He did not expect that the most basic spirit stones would be lacking.

He didn't know whether to laugh or cry.

" However, if I can make a trip to the market, I can still sell the Mortal-ranked talismans I have for hundreds of spirit stones. If I can stay in the market for more than a month, I can easily earn thousands of spirit stones. If I can find an opportunity to sell a secret technique, I can earn tens of thousands of spirit stones."

"When I have the resources, I can cultivate better."

As Jiang Yu pondered, his teeth ached even more. He did not lack ways to earn spirit stones. Although he could exchange for 1,800 spirit stones at any time, he had to be able to maintain his cultivation of spirit stones.

With over a thousand spirit stones, even a Foundation Building cultivator would be tempted. There were too many examples of blackmailing in the cultivation world. In his previous life, he had been so cautious, but he had been tricked before.

Not to mention the nearest market, which was a few days away by flying on a magic tool. There was a vast sea in the middle, and there were many ferocious beasts in the sea. The time spent traveling there was long, and the dangers were unknown.

"Forget it. I'll just focus on farming and refining pills to increase my cultivation. Staying steady is the first."

Before obtaining the Cosmic Gourd, he had already purchased nearly a hundred common spiritual herb seeds. Now, they were just in time to be put to good use.

After making up his mind, Jiang Yu went to the Cosmic Gourd, took out 200 Spiritual Stones, and started his farming business.

As for the idea of cultivating with the miscellaneous spirit stones, Jiang Yu had never even thought about it. If he were to covet the speed of cultivation now, once the turbid qi in the miscellaneous spirit stones was absorbed into his body, he would have to work several times harder to remove it when he was preparing to build his foundation in the future.

He wasn't someone who was greedy and rash.

Moreover, using spirit stones to hasten the growth of spirit herbs and refine pills was better than using them directly. He was a meticulous person.

……

Four months later, after Jiang Yu successfully scrapped 46 cauldrons of medicinal herbs, he finally succeeded in refining three Spirit Gathering Pills with One-leaf Begonia as the main ingredient on his 47th attempt with his Spiritual Force comparable to the late-stage Qi Refinement realm.

The cost of refining a cauldron of Spirit Gathering Pills was as follows: one Begonia Leaf, ten-year-old Ginseng Spirit Grass as an auxiliary medicine, ten-year-old Climbing Vines as a medicinal catalyst, and a hundred catties of spirit wood as fuel.

In total, a cauldron of Spirit Gathering Pills would cost him four spirit stones.

For an alchemist, if they bought spiritual herbs to refine pills, they could produce at most ten pills in a furnace. Three pills would be considered a break-even, and five pills would be a huge profit. For example, if this Spirit Gathering Pill was sold in the market, it would be sold for five pills in a bottle, and its price would be fixed at fifty spirit stones all year round.

Even though Jiang Yu's Spirit Gathering Pill this time only had three pills formed, he could barely be considered to have entered the rudiments too.

Although it seemed like he had only spent 180 spirit stones to become an apothecary, how could outsiders know the benefits?

Little did he know that this was partly due to the miraculous effect of the spiritual wood to stimulate the fire, but also due to the insight and observation skills of the Golden Core cultivator in his previous life. From a strategic point of view, it could be said that it was natural.

If a force wanted to nurture a true Alchemist, they would have to spend tens of thousands of spirit stones and fail hundreds of times.

For itinerant cultivators, it was even more difficult. The chances of obtaining the inheritance of alchemists were pitifully few, and they had to squeeze out spirit stones for cultivation. It could be said that there were almost no alchemists among itinerant cultivators.

After all, if one could refine pills with a pill formula, all the self-cultivators in the world would be pill masters.

This was only refining one type of pill. A true alchemist had to be proficient in refining at least three to five types of pills.