Chapter 4 Universal Gourd

Sixth Refined Qi Level, Three Tides Market

In fact, the time needed to hasten the growth of the spirit herbs was only a dozen days. The reason why it took him nearly three months to refine the pill was that besides the time it took to refine the pill itself, the rest was that every time he failed to refine the pill, he had to spend time to slowly recover the magic power and spiritual sense in his body. Then, he had to summarize the experience of failure.

In one go, the remaining spirit stones were all used to produce spirit herbs. Jiang Yu refined five pills on the forty-eighth furnace, miraculously formed seven pills on the forty-ninth furnace, and made a slight mistake on the fiftieth furnace, but still formed five pills. Adding the three pills from the first successful furnace, he had a total of twenty Spirit Gathering Pills.

From then on, he only had thirty-five spirit stones left.

He planned to use the remaining spirit stones to grow a 300-year-old spirit herb.

However, everything had to wait until he came out of seclusion.

He calculated the cost of refining the pills. Using 200 spirit stones to get a pill with a market value of 200 spirit stones, mm, it was not a loss!

However, this was only temporary. The higher one's cultivation, the more proficient one would be in alchemy, and the faster one would recover their capital in the future.

Jiang Yu naturally had this confidence.

The next step was to convert these 20 Spirit Gathering Pills into his own cultivation!

It only took a few days to refine a Spirit Gathering Pill, but it was equivalent to a month and a half of grinding. In the next three years, Jiang Yu took a Spirit Gathering Pill every other month to ensure that there was no pill poison left in his body. His cultivation was steadily improving.

……

Three years later, Jiang Yu's realm was different from before he went into closed-door cultivation. Originally, he was about to break through from the third qi layer, but after taking a spirit gathering pill, he directly broke through to the fourth qi layer.

The rest of the Spirit Gathering Pills didn't disappoint either. They helped him break through two levels in a row and reached the sixth qi layer in one go.

In the Spirit Imperial World, the Immortal Dao was prevalent. The cultivation realms of cultivators were divided into five major realms, Qi Refinement, Foundation Establishment, Golden Core, Purple Prefecture, and Primordial Soul, from low to high. Each major realm had different subdivisions.

For example, there were a total of twelve levels in the Qi Refinement realm. Every time one of the twelve meridians connected to the dantian was considered a level of cultivation. Cultivators at the beginning of the Qi Refinement realm from the first to the third level could only strengthen their bodies. Although their physical strength was limited, they could still fight against several ordinary soldiers at the same time. Although they had magical power, they could only activate talismans and storage bags to cultivate low-level spells.

Of course, this low-level spell should not be underestimated. Even the lowest-level Fireball spell could blow up a small attic with a radius of ten meters without any problem.

Cultivators at the middle stage of the Aura Refining realm between the fourth and sixth levels had already accumulated enough magic power in their meridians. They could release mid-level spells and use spiritual energy to control weapons. They were very agile and much stronger than the best hands in the mortal martial arts world. They could kill their enemies with flying swords from a hundred steps away. Those with outstanding magic power could already fly some distance on flying swords.

The seventh to ninth level was called the later stage. The most important thing in this realm was the birth of divine sense, which made the control of spells more flexible and changeable. One could also use divine sense to control weapons and fly directly. It was several times more flexible than the middle stage of Qi Refinement using qi to control weapons. It was truly as easy as controlling one's arms and fingers. Once the divine sense was opened, one could truly observe the world 360 degrees without blind spots.

When a late-stage Aura Refining cultivator fought against an early-stage Aura Refining cultivator, it was no different from having his vision activated. His divine sense could lock onto the enemy, and the spells he released could easily hit the target.

The tenth to twelfth level was the peak of the Qi Refinement realm. It was mainly to allow the physical body, magic power, and divine sense to further integrate and prepare for the Foundation Establishment realm.

In fact, one could attempt to build a foundation after reaching the ninth level of the Qi Refinement realm. It was not necessary to reach the peak of the twelfth level of the Qi Refinement realm.

Apart from that, there was also the 13th level of the Aura Refining Stage, which required one to clear all the eight extraordinary meridians. It was called the Great Completion of the Aura Refining Stage and was extremely popular in ancient times. However, due to the time-consuming, laborious, and resource-consuming nature of the technique, very few cultivators had cultivated to the 13th level of the Aura Refining Stage.

However, Jiang Yu's situation was quite special. He was a transmigrator, so his soul was relatively strong. Coupled with the rebirth of a Golden Core cultivator, under deliberate cultivation, he had already formed a spiritual sense when he first entered the first qi layer. Now, the strength of his spiritual sense at the sixth qi layer was equivalent to that of the ninth qi layer.

He had long been able to fly by relying on his spiritual will and even circulate his Dharma power in his meridians for a few cycles. With the help of his physical body's instinct, he easily mastered the spells he had cultivated in his previous life. With the fighting ability of a Golden Core in his previous life, Jiang Yu was confident that he could deal with a cultivator at the peak of the Aura Refining realm.

The Refinement Realm was just the beginning of Immortal Cultivation. No matter how strong he was, how could he be strong? Without that reaction and physical strength, no one could withstand the power of a Pyroblast at close range.

Since his resources had been exhausted, if he continued to cultivate bitterly, he would not be able to break through to the late-stage of the Aura Refining realm in three to five years.

As he thought about the future, Jiang Yu also went to the market to exchange for the cultivation resources.

His plan was to hasten the growth of a high-aged spirit herb to exchange for spirit stones.

The value of spiritual medicine was related to its age, grade, and rarity. Most of the Human Grade spiritual medicine could only grow for decades to a hundred years. Due to the different difficulty of cultivation, the market value was roughly the same as the age. It could only be used to refine Qi Refinement and Foundation Establishment pills.

Among them, some of the spirit herbs were of a higher grade, such as the high-grade and top-grade spirit herbs of the Human Realm. The age of the spirit herbs could reach more than two to three hundred years, and below five hundred years. At this time, they could be used as supplementary medicines for Jindan realm pills. Their value soared, and they often had to pay more spirit stones than the age of the spirit herbs to buy them.

Earth-rank spirit herbs were usually more than 500 years old when they matured. They were also called the Little King of Medicine by cultivators. However, as the main ingredient of Jindan level pills, the value of spirit herbs had already increased by more than four to five times compared to the age of the medicine.

Heaven-grade spirit herbs were more than a thousand years old when they matured. They were called the king of herbs by the world. They were often not available for tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands of spirit stones. It could be said that they were priceless.

The spirit herb he chose to grow this time was called the Crimson Spirit Ginseng.

This was a top-grade Mortal Realm spiritual medicine. The highest age of the medicine could reach 500 years. After that, it would completely mature and completely dissipate after bearing seeds.

However, due to the abundance of wood spiritual energy in the entire Starfall Sea, and the fact that this Crimson Spirit Ginseng could only grow in a fire elemental land, the rarer it was, the more valuable it was. If he met a cultivator who really needed it, it would not be a problem for Jiang Yu to sell this three-hundred-year-old Crimson Spirit Ginseng for five to six hundred spirit stones.

Now that he was at the sixth level of the Aura Refining realm, he was confident that his strength was not inferior to a cultivator at the peak of the Aura Refining realm. He could go out and purchase some resources.

His target was naturally the largest island market nearby, Three Tides Island!

This was one of the many islands controlled by Jade Tide Sect. There was a market on it for the nearby cultivators to trade. It was about a thousand miles away from Yellow Flower Island.

This Three Tides Island had three unique views. Every morning, noon, and evening, there would be a rise and fall of the tide. For hundreds of years, it had never stopped.

He flew on his magic tool for a period of time along the way, not allowing the magic power in his dantian to be exhausted. He then stopped on a small island in the sea to recover his magic power. After spending a total of five days, Jiang Yu safely arrived at Three Tides Island.

After changing his clothes and disguising himself, he arrived at the entrance of the market.

Three Tides Market, the entrance was guarded by two Jade Tides Sect cultivators at the tenth layer of the Aura Refining realm.

Jiang Yu calmly stepped forward and cupped his hands." Fellow Daoists, I would like to enter your sect's market. How many spirit stones do you need for the entrance fee?"

The two guarding cultivators swept their spiritual sense and found that Jiang Yu was only a sixth-tier rogue cultivator. Their expressions couldn't help but show some disdain.

" Heh, rogue cultivator. Give us a spirit stone each and we'll consider it your entrance." The two of them looked at each other, and one of them said with a smile.

Jiang Yu secretly frowned, but he still readily gave out two miscellaneous spirit stones.

Now, he only had three spirit stones left.

This sect cultivator really knew how to make a profit. Ordinary markets only cost one spirit stone to enter, but this place actually extorted an extra spirit stone from him.

However, this was their territory. There were many cultivators in the market, and there were even Golden Core cultivators guarding one area. He didn't want to cause any conflict.

Receiving the temporary identity token, Jiang Yu secretly noted down the auras of the two people in his divine sense. He passed through the array at the entrance of the market and entered the market.

Three Tides Market was indeed the only market within a radius of a thousand miles. Just the buildings in the market occupied an area of more than ten miles.

Various factions had set up shops here, such as the Myriad Treasure Store of the Myriad Treasure Chamber of Commerce, the pill shop of the Pill Grass Pavilion, the Colosseum of the Imperial Beast Sect, and the Pleasure House of the Coitus Faction.

In order to facilitate trade, all parties had set an unwritten rule that cultivators were forbidden to fight privately in the market.

Before Jiang Yu set off, he had already planned out his plan. At this moment, his goal was clear. He walked straight to the Pill Grass Pavilion.

Three hundred year old Crimson Spirit Ginseng could only be sold by large sects. Among them, the best seller was the Pill Grass Pavilion. Rogue cultivators could not afford to pay such a high price for this kind of thing.

Jiang Yu couldn't help but sigh as he observed the local customs of the Three Tides Outpost. This Pill Grass Pavilion was indeed worthy of being one of the strongest and wealthiest sects in the Thunderstorm Isles. Not only did they have shops all over the outposts, but their shops were also often located in the central area of the outposts. The pavilions were also the largest and most exquisite. There were all kinds of carved beams and painted buildings, and the pavilions and pavilions were all ancient in appearance.

There were cultivators coming in and out of the door. It was obvious that their business was booming.