Chapter 5 Universal Gourd

Inherited Spirit Jade Ring

It made sense. For cultivators, what was more important than improving their cultivation? Pills were undoubtedly the fastest and safest method.

The Pill Grass Pavilion, which was good at cultivating spiritual plants and refining pills, was naturally a tycoon in the cultivation world. As a result, the disciples of this sect were often jokingly called "dog tycoons" by the wandering cultivators.

As soon as they entered the store, a second qi layer female cultivator immediately came up to them and asked with a smile,"Fellow Daoist, are you here to buy medicinal pills and spiritual herbs?" 

Jiang Yu didn't have the desire to talk nonsense with her. He said straightforwardly," I'm here to exchange for spirit herbs. Please introduce me to your manager."

When the second qi layer female cultivator heard this, she immediately turned around and went into the inner room to report.

In just a moment, she returned and brought Jiang Yu into a quiet room.

Beside the table, a middle-aged cultivator was burning incense and tea. Jiang Yu didn't dare to probe with his divine sense, but judging from his bearing, he was most likely a Foundation Building cultivator.

"Little friend, what kind of medicinal pills do you want to exchange for? Our Pill Grass Pavilion doesn't have everything you need, but we can also be said to have everything you need for qi layer foundation stage medicinal herbs."

The middle-aged cultivator smiled and gestured for him to sit down.

Jiang Yu didn't waste any more words. He took out the jade box containing the Crimson Spirit Ginseng and handed it over.

The middle-aged male cultivator glanced at Jiang Yu's appearance and calmly opened the lid to take a look. His eyes suddenly lit up, but he still said calmly," Crimson Spirit Ginseng is a fire element spirit herb. However, cultivators in the Falling Star Sea mostly practice water and wood techniques. This spirit herb is not easy to sell. It's a hot potato."

Merchants valued profits. Although he really wanted to buy this Scarlet Spirit Ginseng, he still had to lower the price.

Therefore, the first thing he said was to belittle her.

Due to the difficulty and profits, the large sects rarely cultivated herbs that required special growth requirements.

However, the cultivation world was so big that the five elements were mutually reinforcing and restraining each other. There were always places where spirit herbs of other attributes could be used.

Either as the main medicine, or as an auxiliary medicine, or as a drug guide, there were always places where it could be used.

"Shopkeeper is right, but rare goods can be hoarded. This is a three-hundred-year-old Crimson Spirit Ginseng. It is full of vitality. Whether it is used to refine medicine or to continue cultivating it, it is a high-grade choice. Moreover, the Falling Star Sea is so vast, and not all of them are cultivators who cultivate the Water Wood Technique. With the Pill Grass Pavilion's connections, it won't be difficult to find a seller." Jiang Yu replied in a neither servile nor overbearing manner.

The middle-aged male cultivator looked at Jiang Yu in surprise. He did not continue Jiang Yu's words and instead praised.

"Little friend, you are quite knowledgeable to be able to accurately determine the age of this medicine."

"It's a pity that I've already bought a stalk of Crimson Spirit Ginseng. I can only offer you four hundred and fifty spirit stones for this one."

He didn't ask Jiang Yu how he got this spiritual medicine. The cultivation world was huge, and everyone had a chance.

It was worth at least 600 spirit stones, yet it was only 450 spirit stones. Indeed, there was no unscrupulous businessman!

Jiang Yu cursed the profiteer in his heart, but he didn't show any expression on his face.

He pursed his lips, and his lips moved slightly, as if he still wanted to argue. He sighed and said," Then let's do as the steward says. We'll sell it for 450 spirit stones."

Jiang Yu did not argue too much. Everything was difficult at the beginning. As long as he could get the first bucket of start-up funds, everything was negotiable.

With these 400 spirit stones, it would be easier to start earning spirit stones.

"Please wait for a moment. Xiao Cui, go to the storeroom to collect the spirit stones." As he spoke, the middle-aged man waved his hand behind him and handed a jade slip to Xiao Cui.

Jiang Yu nodded and followed Little Cui out of the quiet room. Not long after, he received his 450 spirit stones.

Immediately after, he purchased some materials from the shops in the market. Jiang Yu then came to the inn under the Green Tidal Sect and asked for a quiet room equipped with Earth Fire.

In the quiet room, Jiang Yu sat on the ground facing the Earth Fire Cauldron.

He took out a large pile of white jade from his storage bag. This kind of white jade was as white as butter, and its texture was smooth and delicate. It was often dyed by fat, and it had its own light contained within it. It was dense and delicate, moist and smooth. In the mortal world, it had a resounding name, known as "Suet Jade". It was a treasure that was difficult to buy with thousands of gold.

Unfortunately, this wasn't a Mystical Material, so it wasn't worth much in the cultivation world.

Its value was limited, and it could be used to refine spirit jade rings.

He used his spiritual power and consciousness to roll up the white jade and throw it into the earth fire furnace, slowly smelting it.

Under the scorching heat of the Earth Fire, even jade was melted into a liquid state like magma.

Jiang Yu felt that the fire was almost ready, so he threw in a total of 300 spirit stones. A jade ring slowly formed in the furnace. After a long time, Jiang Yu finally succeeded in refining the inheritance spirit ring.

He looked at the spirit jade pendant floating quietly in the air. It had a warm color and eye-catching spiritual essence. It was extraordinary.

As the saying goes, techniques cannot be passed down easily. In the cultivation world, any high-level knowledge and inheritance could not be carried on a random page or book.

Whether it was cultivation techniques, spells, divine powers, or secret techniques, everything related to words and knowledge of immortal cultivation was carried by a special spirit jade pendant unless there was a powerful method that could turn the rotten into magical.

Jiang Yu's plan was to create the cultivation techniques, divine abilities, and secret techniques that he had mastered in his previous life to exchange for spirit stones.

As for using spirit stones to directly cultivate spirit herbs or concoct pills for sale, he dismissed the idea after thinking about how Fang Zhenren had been exposed in his previous life.

Immortal Cultivators were simply too powerful. Even mortals could analyze the whole story through clues, not to mention that Immortal Cultivators had all kinds of unreasonable secret techniques.

Many of them even involved karma, qi, and tracing the source. It could allow xiuzhe to skip all the confusion and get the answers they wanted.

Once someone found out that he was a lone rogue cultivator and could take out a large number of spirit herbs and pills, it would be difficult not to think that he had some heaven-defying treasures.

Once or twice was fine, but if it happened too many times, even if they disguised themselves to sell spirit herbs and pills in different places, it was inevitable that they would be exposed.

Therefore, the safest way to earn spirit stones was to sell the inheritance.

This could be completely pushed to non-existent people.

Of course, this method was too whimsical for a rogue cultivator. This was because there were three conditions that were indispensable to the creation of the legacy spirit jade ring.

The first was the production of the ling jade pendant, the second was the cultivation technique itself, and the third was the cultivator's comprehension of the intent.

Jiang Yu had already refined the Spirit Jade Ring. The first task was naturally not a problem.

He chose to inscribe a high-grade spell.

Different from the mid to low-grade spells used by the Qi Condensation stage, high-grade spells could only be cultivated at the Foundation Establishment stage. It was also for this reason that all knowledge that was of a higher grade than high-grade spells had to be recorded in the spirit jade ring.

Ordinary paper could not bear the weight of this knowledge because the words themselves had all kinds of great power.

After hundreds of thousands of years of evolution, the spiritual jade pendant was undoubtedly the cheapest and most practical tool to carry knowledge.

As for the cultivator's comprehension of the concept, it was also a crucial part of the entire inheritance of the spirit jade ring.

When xiuzhe cultivated techniques and used spells and god arts, they did not follow the script. Other than allowing Dharmic powers to circulate in specific meridians, one also needed to comprehend various concepts before they could mobilize the mighty power of heaven and earth to strengthen themselves, allowing the power of spells to reach a higher level.

For example, if one wanted to cultivate the fire element superior-grade spell, the Lava Spell, one had to find a volcano eruption and learn from nature. One had to experience the true meaning of the volcano eruption and the flow of lava, and practice diligently to succeed.

But then again, how dangerous was an erupting active volcano? Even Golden Cores did not dare to face a erupting volcano head-on, let alone Foundation Establishment Cultivators. Therefore, they directly sensed the dangerous natural conception. However, they did not have spirit stones. Only itinerant cultivators with rotten lives would choose this method.

Other than that, he had to obtain an inherited spiritual jade ring that recorded the Lava Spell and experience the comprehension of the concept engraved by the senior practitioners in it, so that he could cultivate it more easily and quickly.

The most crucial point was that the engraved spirit jade ring consumed the creator's comprehension of the concept.

After all, this was a method to deplete a cultivator's foundation and combat strength.

It was because of all these reasons that only high-level cultivators who were about to die would choose to make this inheritance jade ring.

The high-grade spell that Jiang Yu chose to inscribe was called Golden Light Shield. It was one of the spells that he cultivated in his previous life. His comprehension of the concept was still there, so he could naturally make it.

After spending some effort, Jiang Yu successfully recorded this high-grade spell in the spirit jade ring.

Due to the large consumption of his Soul Consciousness and the forced stripping of the comprehension of the Golden Light Shield from his God Soul, his breath was weak at this moment. His face was pale and his body was covered in sweat. He looked like he had consumed too much energy.